hey guys today I've got a Valentine's
Day hair makeup and outfit for you and
it's really cute really quick and simple
and I think it's perfect around Thursday
nervous let's get started first what you
want to do is just prime your eyelids
i'm using my Urban Decay primer potion
in Eden as this gets rid of any
discoloration on my eyelids and I
blended the same with my ring finger
then I took my maybelline color tattoo
in 65 pincode and applied this all over
my lid please excuse the bit of prime I
didn't blend in I wasn't using a mirror
I also put some in a corner as well then
I took my mac eyeshadow in all that
glitters on a route at nick's base
shadow brush and i just applied this all
over my leg to give me a nice wash of
pink then I took cranberry by Mac on the
same brush and just put this on to the
outer half of my eyelid or after third
just to add a nice pop of pink to the
look then I took mulch on the same brush
which a nice brown and concentrated this
on the outer corner of my eye and then I
blended this into my crease using my Mac
217 you really want to make sure this is
properly blended as otherwise it won't
not break it then I took max nylon and
applied this into my inner corner just
to open my eyes of a bit and make me
look more awake then I took some of max
mulch again on the same brush and just
applied this to my lower lash line then
I went in just did my eyeliner quite
single dismal flick and took my favorite
mascara which is Maybelline the falsies
and apply the food few coats of that and
it took my other favorite which is
benefits they're real and applied a few
coats of that as well at the time I put
quite a lot from scholar on you might
not want to put this much on I didn't
realize I don't think but yeah and then
there's both eyes I think this is really
cute and really simple then I took my
sleek brow kit and dark and just took
the wax on a brow brush by Real
Techniques and I just did my brothers
are normally would if you want a full
brow routine let me know in the comments
below basically I just started the outer
edge and work my own words I also
brushes out with this booty with thats
not on camera and they look a lot worse
now as ever got the rest of my makeup on
then to prime the rest of my face i took
my body shop teacher pore minimizer this
is really important for me because I
very oily skin and this really helps
control the oils on my face and I just
blend this in using my fingers then I
took my favorite foundation which is the
benefit hello flawless oxygen while and
I'm and cheers to me champagne and i
justed the sun all over my face I put
more where I needed more coverage and
less row needed less coverage then I
took my Real Techniques expert face
brush and I blended this into my skin I
also blend a tiny weeny bit down my neck
as this foundation is the tiniest bit
too dark for me I just did lots of
circular motions and went into all the
cracks and crevices in my face and also
into my hairline then I took my mac
prolongwear concealer and I am in NC 20
and I just applied this using my fingers
under my eyes I should have used my ring
finger but forgot and then I went in
with a brush on the rest of my face I
used my mac 195 concealer brush which i
love and i just used put this on all my
blemishes and also use this to highlight
slightly down the bridge of my nose and
also on my brow bones then to blend that
in i just use a mixture of my fingers
and the expert face brush again and the
13 fingers is good for under your eyes
and then you can see there as well
because it helps to warm the product out
which makes it easier to blend
I also AM step with the brush even
though it's not zipping brush and some
spots because it made the coverage
higher then I took my last bubble gum
lip scrub and just applied this to my
lips to exfoliate them to get any
foundation and dead skin cells of them
then I took my NARS Laguna bronzer on a
real techniques contour brush and I just
applied this into all the usual places
like the hollows of my cheeks the
temples in my jawline this step is
definitely optional because you really
don't need to contour but I just like
the way it looks so you can do if you'd
like to but it's not a must have then I
took my favorite blush as you guys know
which is the expert whiplash by
Maybelline and flash plum on a rodent
NYX blush brush and just to try it slide
this to the apples of my cheeks give me
a nice flush I think I may well provide
a bit too much or it might be love
coming like that on camera then I took a
Revlon lip butter in the color 53 sorbet
which is a gorgeous bright pink color
and just applied this to my lips to
complement the look then this last step
is important really important people
ready skin like me and that's just the
sake a setting powder and I used a matte
which supplied us with a setting brush
by Real technique in certain areas of my
face like on my nose and under my eyes
and then you have the finished makeup I
think it's reason were really cute and
really perfect for Valentine's Day now
on to hair so first I did was just took
any grips or any hair ties ahead of my
hair out and just gave my hair bit for
shake it's been up for a long time and
then I brushed out using my tangle tamer
I actually prefer this to the tangle
teezer in case you're running I find a
lot easy to use and actually a lot
better quality and it's cheaper then I
section my hair off using just some
clips and sir and then I took my
fabulous curling iron thing and then
what I did was I wrapped my hair around
the barrel but with the clamp open and
then once the hell was wrapped around i
clamped the clamp down I find this made
the best girls I wanted and I also AM
swapped the direction of cows I did
going away from my facing towards my
face but I know if the hair was around
my hairline I would cut away from I
it was a lot more flattering then I just
back on my hair at the roots and pinned
back to pieces of my hair to the sides
of my head and this is how it came out
and I really like this hairstyle I think
it's really cute really girly very
perfect for Valentine's Day and you can
wear these curls to any occasions it
doesn't have to be Valentine's Day but I
think it is very appropriate now it's
time for the outfit first I took my
barium nail varnish in the colored
Duchess and just applied this all over
my nails it's really nice rose gold
color but I thought we could for
Valentine's Day then here's the base of
my outfit was quite plain I wanted to
like make a bit nicer into it prettier
so first I added my pink converse news
just the low top ones and i also had my
topshop gratefully socks on anything
this make me look a bit more girly and
also the pink is good fountain today
then I added my denim jacket which is
from a charity shop and it's only a pan
looks really good in case you're
wondering my skype is from new look and
it's velvet skater skirt and I love it
and it's extra comfy and it's cute at
the same time then my top is from
Topshop and it's just gorgeous lace
short sleeve crop top and then my
necklace is also from Topshop my ring is
from Primark and my bracelet is from new
look and then for a fragrance I went for
the hollister boi display in tidelands
beach because it's really girly and
really floral and pretty and then you're
done thank you guys so much for watching
groups gets a light quick comment and
subscribe and I'll see you guys next
time bye